>> Nina: Finally,
the slide you've all been waiting for.
It's the end.
We're done.
We have done a massive
whirlwind tour of git,
we've talked about how to
make your repository neat and
clean with rebase,
we've talked about best practices,
like not pushing change history
to shared repositories.
We have learned how do you fix
our mistakes when we mess up.
And I think at this point, after today,
you can truly consider
yourself a GIT master.
So I am going to congratulate you on that,
but also feel slightly sorry for
you because now you are the person in the
office that everyone is going to come to
when they have GIT questions, so
thank you so much for your time.
This was Advanced GIT for
Frontend Masters.
If you need to get in touch,
my Twitter handle is @nnja.
If you have questions,
you can email me personally.
I'll get back to you.
My email address is nina@nnja.io.
And a note for those of you in class
who participated today and online.
There is some extra material in
the slides and a few extra exercises.
So if you'd like to,
you can go ahead and check those out.
I am going to end up posting a shorter
version of the slides after today.
Thank you all so much.